# Identity (Draft)

## What makes a society?
Debt plays a very big role in our society. Our economy is called the debt economy because of the enormous amounts of debt that is owed by either individuals or instititutions to the State or local Governement. Even internationally, money is borrowed from the UN's monetary department, the "International Monetary Fund" has loaned "money" to various countries that are unable to pay back and are locked in "debt".

Debt is important. It tells the partner in relation that we aim to do business with them in the future. Maintaining a small debt with individuals and networks we aim to build a relationship with is the foundation of relationship that deals with money. It is important to note here that the meaning of money varies with each individual. Money is actually a broad term that economists normally break down into the following three categories: 1. Unit of Account (UOA), 2. Store of Value (SOV) and 3. Medium of Exchange (MOE). So when one talks about money, it is important to decern whether they are talking about its function as a Unit of Account (A global ID to identify the identity operating in the network), a Store of Value (The net value the identity has raked over a period of time in exchange for their goods and services), or a Medium of Exchange (The currency that is used to exchange goods and services in the network). When an individual or network provides either a certificate that can act as a UOA, an IOU (I owe you) that can act as a Store of Value or a MOE, a relationship is formed between the participants. This relationship can be used to define the identity. Stored as a graph in the database, each identity is unique.

Digitally, an identity is generally static. Once recorded, it takes an enormous amount of effort to update. Especially the most important identity, that is our National Identity, e.g. Aadhar, Social Security number. Being able to store attributes as hashes that can be broadcasted easily allows one to maintain their own records and notify those that maintain copies of the record to update their records. 